The entries below is demonstrating the diary of weekly basis on how the progression is on the current project.

1st October 2023

"I am carrying out some research on how a web application can be developed by studying
HTML, css and JavaScript in order to create the application. Booked an appointment with
my supervisor on Thursday and discuss the progress of project plan. Figuring out how to
write the timeline, risk assessment and references."


8th October 2023

"Project plan has been completed and submitted in this week with everything included.”


22th October 2023

"Back to learning HTML, css and JavaScript, progression has been slowed down due to bad
time management. Meeting with supervisor is happening in the next day."


29th October 2023

"Decided to work on the login and register after completing the homepage which will be filled
with products soon, working on routes and controller for back-end interface."


5th November 2023

"Working on the email and password validation within the JWT tokens to make sure the
account is accessed to system, working on login screen and functionality, should be finished
hopefully"


7th November 2023

"Successfully implemented the homepage interface using MERN and work on the server and
database but unfortunately, it is not as expected as on the timescale.”


11th November 2023

"Spent time to study Redux, homepage, product page and cart page functionality. They are
working as expectation. Ready to hand in the interim report and submit my codes"


13th November 2023

"Double checking with the product functionality where how admin can have access to it,
make sure everything is working perfectly due to less knowledge on the Redux programming.
Fortunately, it seems to be working out and items are displaying fine on my end."


14th November 2023

"While testing the product homepage on other PC with code only, database can be accessed through 
different IP address, remotely controlling the webpage seems to work perfectly which shows that 
codes should work anywhere with the correct link."


18th November 2023

"Currently trying to figure out how to work on the checkout section where it adds up the
products’ price, working on the controller and routes seems to take quite a long time."


22th November 2023

"Planning to use PayPal for the payment methods however it does not seems to be checking
out, maybe there is some problems with the sandbox link."


25th November 2023

"I think I should just spend some time, trying to change the colours of payment and mark
delivered buttons while figuring out how PayPal would worked."


29th November 2023

"Still studying on PayPal sites where how to implement JavaScript for PayPal where there
will be errors on not checking out."


30th December 2023

"Just back from Christmas, looking back into some of the old codes and should be getting handy
to work with it while the time started."


8th January 2024

"Currently the program of admin panel is still under refinement on how the api and routes should go."


15th January 2024

"On the product page, I have build the write review sections for website visitors to leave their 
opinions on the products"


21th January 2024

"Made a product carousal jsx for the homepage where it would look more lively by having that at the 
bottom"


7th February 2024

"Haven't been really working on the project due to I would say laziness kicked in, been getting flu
and sore throat lately I don't know how. Hopefully will get well soon."


16th February 2024

"More than a month until the final submission to be due in, getting kind of nervous, working on the 
final report at the moment."


25th February 2024

"I've carried on working on the report, with the beginning part completed therefore still spending time
trying to catch up."


13th March 2024 

"Working on finalising the program and checking for codes to see if they are correctly implemented.
Everything is looking awesome to me, should see my supervisor in a couple of days."


18th March 2024

"Had a meeting with my supervisor today showing him my project demonstration videos, he does seems to look
happy about it then I think should be great."


26th March 2024

"Still cannot believe they extended the deadline to 5th April. I am getting more nervous as the time comes
while working on the report."


9th April 2024

"It is now 4am in the morning where I have taken an extension which have to due my work in 6 hours, everthing
seems to be completed, although some can still be improved but I dont know how. Overall I am happy."